what's up there YouTube that I make a
quick video here on this tank bag that I
have came with the bike when I bought it
it's a factory BMW duh
tank bag this is BMW r12 hundred arty
right there
the thing is huge I don't know the size
on it like in liters or whatever they
size these things but its massive has
this nice I'm gonna call it waterproof
map case up front here this just folds
over and then velcro is on itself great
for putting a little map in there
this tank bag is probably five or six
years old I have not used it very much
but the previous owner did there's a
little bit of stitching coming out right
along here
and you can see some of the materials
kind of faded weather-worn
from the Sun but you know it's a it's a
great bag this is the main compartment
here folds open I put this in here
except with my iPad in there this is in
its compact version and see these little
tabs right here hold it down if you
unzip this zipper excuse me this is an
expansion here and it pulls up that high
so you can see just how much room this
thing has it's absolutely
huge I've written with it I don't know
about ten twelve times maybe I usually
use the GPS when I listen to books on
tape and stuff but the cool thing about
it
here's well here's how you hook it in
and now there's a little lever right
there I see it it's real solid it's not
going anywhere does not interfere at all
with the handlebars you can see there's
a full one left left full lock right so
it's kind of how it sits right here easy
to read everything easy to get into
there's another little pouch right here
and actually I don't know what that
button is for never noticed it before
the be honest with you but all kind of a
weatherproof lining in here if you get
this out of here pull that up you can
just see how how deep that is piece of
garbage yeah you can store everything
you need for your daily commute right in
here and now you just a legs at all
almost it seems like anyways thought I'd
give a quick review on this
I haven't priced these out I know
they're a couple hundred bucks but I
think it'd be worth the money especially
if you have like a passenger you're
riding with and you keep your wallets
and phones and whatever whatnot up here
pretty good item thanks for watching